unknown: mode/compare in minecraft:comparator
unknown: mode/subtract in minecraft:comparator
unknown: attachment/floor in minecraft:bell
unknown: attachment/ceiling in minecraft:bell
unknown: attachment/single_wall in minecraft:bell
unknown: attachment/double_wall in minecraft:bell
unknown: mode/save in minecraft:structure_block
unknown: mode/load in minecraft:structure_block
unknown: mode/corner in minecraft:structure_block
unknown: mode/data in minecraft:structure_block
unknown: orientation/down_east in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/down_north in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/down_south in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/down_west in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/up_east in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/up_north in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/up_south in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/up_west in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/west_up in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/east_up in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/north_up in minecraft:jigsaw
unknown: orientation/south_up in minecraft:jigsaw